Cheese in the Trap
Seol. Seol. Seol!
A suspicious sunbae has started acting suspiciously.
Behind that smile, there's a scary double side to him that's hiding.
- Take a picture with me. - Come to your senses, Hong Seol.
- I can't fall for that smile. - It's nice to see you again. - What?
Hey, Dog Hair! Dog Hair.
- Me? - Dog Hair. - Look here!
My biggest stress is from you sticking onto me.
What's your relationship with her?
Don't lurk near the people around me.
Could you help set me up with Yoo Jeong?
Lately, I thought we'd gotten close.
But you also had a reason for approaching me.
In the end you're the same as everyone else.
I think Sunbae is really angry.
Because I set him up with Ah Yeong without his permission?
Is that really something to get so angry about?
Ah, I don't know.
Why is this so hard?
Episode 3
Explain it to me first.
As far as justice goes...
- Ask Jeong.  - Hello.
It's just like last year.
That cold back I've seen countless times.
- I said I'd do that!  - What are you doing?
Sunbae.
I'm really sorry about yesterday.
Okay, sure.
Uh, the thing with Ah Yeong,
- I didn't mean to do that on purpose--- I'm in the middle of talking right now.
I really don't have it.
You all look happy.
I have some news that should make you feel better.
The end of the term PT (presentation) subject and groups
I posted the information on the class website, so go and check it.
Is there a problem?
You're calling me Witch Kang in your thoughts, right?
I think I'm the happiest when I give out homework.
Now, for this team project,
the most important thing I'm going to look at is how you work together.
I'm telling you this beforehand,
anyone who thinks they can get by on someone's else's back for free,
don't get caught. If you're caught, it's an "all kill" for the entire team. An "all kill."
Hong Seol! Do you understand?
- Yes. - Okay. Now.
Now, check which group you're in and gather into your groups.
Who knew I'd be on the same team as my junior Hong?
You know I'm retaking this class, right? Let's do well.
Me too. Take good care of me, Seol.
It's really nice to be in the same team, Seol.
Now, now, now. We've already decided who the leader is, right?
The leader of our 5th group is Hong Seol!
This semester really isn't going to be easy.
Hong Seol! Hong Seol! Do it!
Back there, are we at MT?
I'm sorry. Hong Seol, yeah!
PT Hong, Hong PT
I survived.
- Text her.- I'm fine.
- Let's get ready for the team project. - Why me?
I definitely said sorry and apologized,
but Sunbae just said, "Okay, sure," and accepted it.
Then, that's that. He's angry. Totally angry.
- Why in the world... - You also had a reason for approaching me.
- I also did?  - In the end you're the same as everyone else.
Was he expecting me to be different from everyone else?
Why me? What?
Ah, I really have no idea.
Want to have lunch together?
Oh, I already have plans for lunch.
- Oh, okay. - Unni! - Oh, Ah Yeong.
Min Soo, let's eat together next time!
So I couldn't reach you because you lost your phone.
Did you also get home okay yesterday?
Why? Did Yoo Jeong Sunbae say something?
That's not it.
Are you close with Seol Unni?
Once you left,
he didn't say anything and just sat there.
I felt this for the first time.
That he was cold and scary.
It felt like I had become an object.
He only asked one thing before leaving—where your house was.
I told him your address.
Sunbae didn't look for you?
Did I make it difficult for you because of my strange request?
No.
- No. - But,
there's something I'm picking up on.
- I think that sunbae likes you. - What?!
Hey, that's not it! You're saying nonsense!
I think I'm right.
He suddenly turned cold after I told him about your blind date.
He was jealous and angry over your blind date.
I'm positive.
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
Why is she spacing out?
He likes me? Me?
Sunbae? Does that make sense?
Ah, seriously. Don't go overboard, Hong Seol.
Is it serious? Is it worse?
- What? - No.
She was spacing out until earlier, but now she's in a mental breakdown.
- Really? -I think we should turn ourselves in before it gets worse.
She doesn't usually get mad, but it's really scary once she does.
She hasn't answered any of my calls since yesterday, and she's ignoring my texts.
- Why did you have to introduce such a fatal kind of guy to Noona Hong—- If you say that one more time... Be quiet!
Do you think this meal ticket can make amends?
Give it. Let's try.
Hong! Hi!
Don't even try.
Ah, Hong, I love you! I only have you!
No, it won't work on me.
I'm going to meet Ahn Chi Myung today. Where should I hit him?
- His face? His hips? His legs? - Stop it! - Why are you hitting me?
- I'm going to go find my phone. - Huh?
You lost your phone?
- You weren't ignoring my calls? - That's right.
This girl. Where did you leave your cellphone? I was worried.
- Try again. - The battery isn't dead, is it? - Hello?
- Hello? Hello? - Hello?
Wow, her eyes really do look like that. Hey!
Hello.
Ma'am, please give me two more.
Sit down.
Eat, eat.
- Eat slowly. I'll just take my phone... - Hey.
First eat. I'll give it to you after we eat.
- Are you dating Yoo Jeong? - What?
- Do you know Sunbae Yoo Jeong? - Sunbae?
Right, you aren't Yoo Jeong's type.
Your hair is like dog hair.
And what's that? Pigtails?
One, two, three, four, five.
Look here.
- Your words are harsh. - Sorry.
Wait. Then, what?
Is he following you around? And you're meeting another guy?
That bastard isn't that kind of bastard.
Then, what about you? What kind of relationship do you have with Sunbae Yoo Jeong?
I'm not so sure.
Let's go.
Your order hasn't come out yet.
Ma'am, please pack my order to go.
I enjoyed the meal.
Goodbye.
two orders of 16,000... 32,000 won.
How much is it?
It's 124,000 won.
124,000 won?
The beef I don't get to eat, this guy.
Here. You have two more times left.
I found this stupid phone for you.
This is a basic form of thanks.
Your expression is weird. I'm going.
You should wear something that's more dazzling.
Because your face is dull, you need to wear something like that so you can stand out.
Okay, I'll give you one more tip for free.
I'm speaking from experience,
be careful of that bastard, Yoo Jeong. He's not all what he seems.
I'm going.
That person... Who is he to talk so badly about sunbae?
What is it?
I'm so frustrated.
What the heck?
Did you follow me?
What?
Why are you following me?
How ridiculous. You followed me.
See? I'm in front and you're behind. Are you an idiot?
But, you live here?
- No, I don't. - Hey.
I think you do live here.
N-No, I don't.
Then, why did you come here?
Where did I leave my mind?
You do live here!
No, I said I don't!
That girl, she really is stupid. She's so bad at lying.
That means she lives around here.
It should be fun when that bastard Yoo Jeong finds out.
You do live here!
I'll enjoy the food!
What? We're in the same neighborhood?
It's strange that we're in the exact same one.
- See you later, Dog Hair. - Baek In Ho - "See you later, Dog Hair." Baek In Ho?
What? My phone number!
What's with this person?
This person is really strange. How much does he intend to rip off me that he saves my number?
It's strange.
Now then...
Sunbae.
Oh, okay, okay, okay. Go on.
So our presentation will be about LN Electric's success strategy in South Africa.
Sunbae Sang Cheol, you will do a study on the electronics market in South Africa.
But how can I research all of South Africa?
It's all in English, and it's a country that I haven't been to.
Oppa. Open your bag and talk.
I can smell alcohol over here. Did you wash your face?
I did.
Seol. I'm really sorry, but could you take some of my part?
But each of our parts require similar amounts of work.
Seol. Where do we find the materials?
About LN Electrics...
-Oh? I'm sorry. -Someone's using it.
What? Hey, it's you.
Hey, you won't lend my your laptop so I can't do my assignment!
- And I don't have an assignment?- I told you to buy your own.
Why would I buy one when I can borrow yours?
- Who is she? - Her?
Hello, I'm Hong Seol, Class of 2012.
You're Seol, the one who is really smart. You're top of the class, right?
I'm Min Do Hyeon. This is the first time we've met, right?
- Ah, yes. - Yeah.
Let's go somewhere else. Let's go, Sunbae.
We're almost done here, so...
It smells like alcohol.
Be quiet, and go out.
My condition is really bad today. Also, I'm not in the mood to meet.
Meeting done. Let's stop here.
Sunbae, the study on the electronics market...
Hey, how can I know about a country I've never been to?
There's a lot of material on it.
Do you think he'll do it? He's going to go drink now.
We're ruined, we're ruined.
How about concluding that Samjin Department Store should convert to a premium level?
Yeah, that's good. It seems like Samjin Department Store wasn't clear about its target market.
So when I edit the presentation, I'll incorporate our final report.
You'll do it all?
Of course, Yoo Jung. Now that my part's done, I'll trust Yoo Jeong and go play around.
I'm going.
Ah, hey. That girl earlier, Hong Seol. She doesn't have a boyfriend, right?
But, why?
Usually those model student types have a spicy hot side to them.
Why didn't I know that there was a girl like that in our class until now?
Yoo Jeong, work hard.
I'm going!
Hey, she's studying by herself now.
If I was in that group, I would be done.
But did you know that you two are very similar?
Going easy on everyone else and taking all the losses yourself.
Even if you're like that, what is Hoobae Hong going to do?
How can she stand Sunbae Sang Cheol ? I can't bear him.
Hoobae Hong, let's postpone it for a day. Something urgent came up and I can't make it that day.
We can't. Because everyone's schedule is different.
It's hard to adjust the time again.
Then, just leave me out.
There's a part that is assigned to you. How can we do it by leaving you out?
Can't you do it instead of me?
Then, we might be able to get an A+.
He's a really weird sunbae.
- No, then do I your part—- Seol.
When I put a picture in the report, the writing goes down. What do I do?
- Go into Object Properties and—- How do I go into Object Properties?
Ah, why am I doing everything?!
I have to study for the exam too.
I'm suffocating because of you!
Did I do something that bad?
Let's do this quickly.
Why?
Just why aren't those guys coming?
What am I supposed to do?
Why aren't they coming?
I'm sorry. I fell asleep and couldn't get up.
Should I still go now?
If I hurry up, maybe by 9 o'clock...
I'm really sorry. I suddenly had an emergency.
Seol, this time, please forgive me.
Kim Sang Cheol
Let's enjoy going strong again tonight! Drink up!
This sunbae, seriously!
Ah, I don't know.
Hey, hey, because of you...
Hey, have a drink, have a drink.
Drink. Cheers!
Hong. What brings you here?
Did you forget our group meeting?
Oh that? I had an important gathering today.
- It's important! - Of course, it's important!
Sunbae!
How did you know I was here?
She came here on purpose to let me know about the meeting.
You're so kind, Hong Seol...
Hong Seol. I saw you last time. Why are you here?
Hey, for our team, the A+ is as good as ours.
Because I missed out on the group meeting, my group leader came to me personally. Isn't she awesome?
- Applause! Applause.- You shouldn't skip those meetings.
Give her a glass saying you won't skip them from now on.
No.
He's being sincere, so just have one glass. One glass.
Have a drink. Just one.
Sunbae, what are you doing?
Alright, I got it, I got it.
All right, it's given. Pass me the soju.
It's given.
If you drink all of this, I'll work really hard.
I'll make sure we get an A+ next time.
You're not drinking?
Hong Hoobae! Hong Hoobae! Hong Hoobae!
Okay!
Wow, that was so great.
I'll work really hard!
What's wrong? You lose something?
Yeah, my marketing printouts.
I think Sunbae Do Hyeon was looking at that.
Hello?
Yeah, Yoo Jeong. What's up?
I think my materials got mixed up with yours.
They're my marketing printouts.
Oh, wait.
One more drink. Hong Hoobae!
One more drink! One more drink!
Oh, here it is. I took it. What to do?
Hong Hoobae, drink.
I'll go there.
What? Hong Hoobae is there?
- It looks that way. - Wow.
That's really dangerous.
- With that trash-like jerk of all people.- Trash?
He's been famous since freshman year for how dirty he is with women.
He gets them to drink and takes them to a motel when they blackout.
The way he introduced himself to Seol was really greasy.
I'm going first.
Are you okay?
Yes.
What's with them?
I'll be going.
Where are you going? We're just getting started, Hong Hoobae.
- Sunbae. - Huh?
The presentation is right in front of our nose.
Please send me the materials I asked you for. I'll put everything together.
I got it, I got it.
Sunbae, you're older than me.
Because of you, our whole team is being hurt.
Please save... Help me. Save me.
Hong Hoobae, I got it.
Yeah, please save her.
- Seol. Seol, wait a minute. Sit down for a minute. - Sunbae, promise. Ah, wait.
Wait, wait.
Seol, just finish this and we'll leave, okay? Here.
No.
I want to go.
Ah, then, I'll take you home. I can take you back.
Sunbae. Sunbae, I think you're drunk too. I'll take Seol home.
Jeong.
Jeong, you...
Ah, Sunbae, I can walk.
I told you to take care of yourself. Do you need something bad to happen to you to get your act straight?
But, Sunbae, why are you here?
Why can't you say no? Not everyone is like you.
Sunbae Sang Cheol... Sunbae Sang Cheol...
That hurts.
Pull yourself together, Seol.
Wait.
Ah, Sunbae.
- Please take care of her. - A-Ajusshi, wait.
Sunbae, that's not it.
Sunbae!
What's with you?
Since everyone praises how nice you are and adores you, you don't seem to see anything.
Who are you to butt in when I did all the work?
I can't do anything about what you do elsewhere.
But it would be nice if you didn't do this on campus, at least.
What?
I heard you're interning during the break.
Does that company know that you go around like this?
Now that I see you like this, you're not so great.
You're making threats without basis.
If there's basis or not,
shall we go for it?
It's just that you have let loose so many things.
Are you doing this because of Hong Seol?
I just find it loathsome to look at, that's all.
I have a low tolerance, you see.
If you understand me, then be careful.
If you don't want to ever get a job,
and be unemployed forever.
"Pull yourself together"?
What did I do?
This is so tiring.
It's tiring.
The doors are closing.
Yes, Father.
Damn, seriously.
You'll regret this your whole life!
How can he fire me just by looking at my face?
Am I too handsome to be serving?
Is it a crime to be handsome? Huh?
- Yes. - In Ho.
Ajusshi.
That's right. I heard from In Ha that you came back.
Why didn't you call me?
I'm sorry. I was going to.
Come to the house with In Ha for a meal.
It's been too long since we last saw each other.
I miss you a lot.
I'll see you at my house tomorrow.
Yes.
After coming all the way here, why?
I'm not going.
Hurry, hurry.
Smile, smile.
Jeong, you came?
What's up with you two? It's been so long that you feel awkward, huh?
Let's all go inside. The chairman is probably waiting for us.
Ah, that bastard!
I don't know how long it's been since we've all been together.
I know. Jeong has been saying he's so busy that he never called or saw us.
Now that I can see him, I'm so, so happy.
In Ho, tell me about you.
What have you been up to?
Just this and that.
At least everyone has returned now.
If you ever need anything, tell me whenever.
Jeong, pay some attention to In Ho, too.
Yes.
Can't I live with you and Jeong forever like this? I like it so...
Be quiet.
Jeong, it's your vacation, isn't it?
Let's all go somewhere together during Jeong's vacation.
Have some of this too.
Sure, sure. Eat a lot.
Yes.
In Ho, I know you're upset with us.
The past is all done with. Now, start the piano again.
I don't have any interest in piano anymore.
So, you don't have to worry about me.
How can I not worry?
I'm still young and there's a lot I can do.
And I'm very thankful for you having taken care of us thus far.
- In Ho. - I really don't need it.
And, it was good to see you today.
Okay, I got it.
Let's take some time to think about it.
I'll be going.
Oh, okay. I'll see you again.
You aren't going to take me home? I don't want to take the taxi.
Jeong, since it's been a long time, should the three of us hang out together?
Jeong, why are you so cold to me these days?
Are you like this because you don't know? How long are you going to live like this?
It seems like you're planning to live off my family forever.
Do you think that's possible?
- If you have a head, think a little. - I don't want to.
This is all I can do.
Do you think I'll quit?
If you don't like it, then you do well.
If you're good to me, then everything will become more comfortable for you.
Think about it well.
Go, Ahjussi.
I thought I'd never see you again. Why did you show up here?
Did I come because I wanted to? I came because he told me to come many times.
Your expression earlier was worth seeing.
You couldn't even show your dislike in front of your father.
What to do? Your father seems to be different from you.
Because his oh-so-successful son ruined a person's life,
- he must feel sorry.- It's someone else's fault to the end, isn't it?
And it's my father's fault for rescuing you both from that awful place.
And it's my fault that happened to your hand.
But if you really want to find fault with someone,
shouldn't you fault yourself for disappearing when I was going to pay for your rehab?
Rehab?
- Can you dare to say "rehab" with that mouth? - If you don't like it, take your sister who is mooching off my household
and disappear immediately.
What's so great about you that you look down on everybody! Huh?
Do you think everything in this world will turn out as you plan?
Seeing some poor children eating food off your family,
is it so mortifying and unfair?
Hit me. Hit me, you bastard.
Don't cowardly manipulate people from behind and just hit me.
Hit me now!
That's for the repair costs.
Tomorrow is the presentation.
Why isn't anyone sending their materials?
Nobody is checking the messages.
But they're logged into Facebook.
They're just not checking their personal messages?
Fine.
Just give up.
Hong Seol. Seol, get yourself together.
If you fail this time,
there's no scholarship, there's nothing.
What's the point in getting mad? Getting a good score is what's important.
I did it all!
I'll just sleep for an hour.
Presentation.
There's no reason they would know the contents of the presentation.
I have to do the presentation.
Seol, I'm really sorry.
My younger sibling broke my computer, and the repairman didn't come.
I took some medicine and fell asleep. I'm really sorry.
I drank so much I feel nauseous.
I don't even want to bother answering them.
Just memorize this quickly. I wrote out the presentation script.
- Wow, thanks. - As I expected, Hoobae Hong.
- Hello. - Hello.
You've all prepared, right?
I have high expectations.
Group one will present first. Group one, come out.
- Take care of us well! - Surprised me.
Hello!
Our topic is LN Electric's strategy in the Chinese mobile phone market.
Group one's presentation
will start!
In today's Chinese market, LN Electric's smart phones
are in a deep slump.
That is our conclusion.
Don't move around too much.
Yes, I understand.
Looking at the presentation slides, I can tell they did their research.
He's quite the salesman.
Let's look into the background...
I'm Jeong Soo Yeon from Group 2.
I will start my presentation.
When an analysis of the profits for the last five years is performed,
not only in the volume of sales but also in hardware sales
you can see income gradually declining.
- Wait. Did she say something is declining?  - Yes.
I think your voice is declining.
- I can't understand what you're saying. - Can you understand what she's saying?
- No. - I can't understand.  - See?
- Say 'ah'.  - Ah. - Ah!
Everything's the same.
No, say it louder. I can't understand anything.
Start again.
Why is that?
Why is sales volume declining?
Is there a problem with the product?
I think there's a problem.
Do you have indigestion?
You look depressed. Did you break up with a lover?
Here you go.
Our group will discuss Black Edition, who once swept the domestic markets with their MP3 players.
In order to succeed in the international markets
we will examine what direction they must take.
One of the features of Black Edition
is that they have superior sound quality.
Play it.
It appears to be broken.
If everyone is like this, there is hope for us.
Samjin Department Store, which was founded on the principle of putting customers first
adopted a strategy of targeting the mass market
and grew its domestic business.
They are tops in market shares value and sales.
But their profit margins are the lowest.
As expected, Yoo Jeong is doing so well. He does so well.
He's so cool.
For Samjin Department Stores, a change in strategy
is necessary.
This concludes Group 4's presentation.
Very nice. Very nice.
It was very clean. Good work. Go sit down.
Next, group five.
Group five's presentation will now start.
Still,
because I did a decent job organizing,
It won't be an A+, but an A will be possible.
If everyone presents well.
In 1996...
they entered the market in Johannesburg,
their main product was
Digital Home Machines,
commercial signs and middle...
and other products were sold.
Middle...
I meant that they didn't sell to the middle class, but they
sold to...
Since watching you earlier, you keep looking down at the printout.
- It appears you're not considering the audience's perspective. - I'm sorry.
- What year are you?- Third year.
If you're already a third year,
shouldn't you at least be aware of posture for a presentation, everyone?
That's right.
They say that's right.
I'm sorry.
Are you going to do it again or not?
We'll get at least a B, maybe?
- I'll do it— I'm sorry. I'll do it again.- No, no, no.
I think it's better not to do it again.
And the reason why, everyone,
I've been continuously observing you.
Right now, you don't seem to know the content of what you're presenting.
Did you actually research this?
Yes.
- Hong Seol. - Yes.
Explain LN Electrics' strategy for the South African market.
The South African government has abolished tariffs in order to stimulate foreign trade...
- Behind, Sang Cheol.- Yes?
She spoke of foreign trade and tariffs, right?
How are they related to each other?
Yes, that's...
I'll respond instead of him.
No, not you. You.
Yes, so... um, if the tariffs are gone
it will be advantageous to export, no I mean, import...
Behind, Da Yeong.
- So do they give or receive foreign investments?  - Yes.
- What? - Yes?
What?
They receive it.
They don't receive it.
What is that?
If it's like this, not a B, but a C?
C? A C? Does it make sense?
Seeing this printout,
it's good. Neat. It's well-done.
But anyone can tell from just seeing this
that one person did all of this alone.
I definitely said this.
I definitely said not to get caught.
So for group five...
So for group five,
everyone get's a D.
Wow!
Daebak!
No exceptions.
Go sit down.
Professor.
Go sit down. Or go home.
Who keeps clapping from earlier?
I'll tell you. In the history of team projects,
this was the worst one.
Everyone.
I'm so disappointed.
I should just not talk.
We'll end class here.
You worked hard.
Hoobae Hong, I'm sorry.
Because the atmosphere was like that, my response wouldn't come out.
Hey, Min Soo, what's with the stammering?
I'm originally not the type to present.
Is everyone born ready to present?
No, do you have the right to say something to Min Soo?
How are you going to be responsible for us getting a D?
You didn't know the answer, either.
And you? You couldn't even reply.
I did.
Hoobae Hong. Let go of your anger.
If you go to school, you get D's too.
Let's think of it well, Hoobae Hong!
Seol, I'm sorry.
We were wrong. Let go of your anger.
I should have the one to present first.
Does it make a difference if you had presented first?
She did her individual work.
Really. She's acting like the world has fallen apart because she got a D.
I know. I told her that I was sick. She never lets it go.
- This is a real makjang (outrageous). - Poor Hong.
What?
Still, a D for even me is...
I worked really hard.
You worked really hard alone.
But can't you see that's the biggest problem?
Seol. I've been watching you.
You consider yourself very sincere, don't you?
And so because the others couldn't do as well as you, you gave up on them and did it all yourself, didn't you?
That would have been more comfortable for you.
Up to now, I don't know if that's how you've been getting good grades.
But in real life, you can't do everything yourself.
And you're a Business Administration major. What is Business Administration?
Communication. Communication is everything.
Do you know what I mean?
Go on and leave. I said no exceptions.
For the first time, I got a D.
Did you do your presentation well?
Of course, for sure it's an A+. A+?
Is it not?
Anyway, it's because you were in the group, right?
You can just take the rest of your tests well. You're good at studying.
And when break comes, we can all go on trip together.
Eun Taek and I thought about it,
and what about Busan? We can go see the ocean and eat raw fish, right?
Do what you like.
Why? Do you not want to go to Busan?
It's not like that.
If you don't like the ocean,
then mountains? Mountains? How's Jiri Mountain?
If not, Mt. Nam close by is okay, too.
Bo Ra, do what you like.
It's enough after I've said it once. Stop it.
Hey. Why are you getting angry?
I was just talking about a trip.
I got a D from Professor Kang.
I don't think I can get a scholarship this time. It isn't the time to be talking about a trip.
Then you can just say that. Why are you getting angry?
You keep saying things vaguely, so I kept asking.
Is that a mistake?
You're always like this. You don't share any of your thoughts or say anything you need to say.
I can't go on a trip. I don't even have tuition money.
If you're having a hard time, then say you're having a hard time. Why are you making me the bad person?
It's a personal circumstance. Do I have to say that?
Nothing get's solved even if I tell you.
It's not that kind of problem.
You don't ever tell me any of your thoughts.
I'll go first.
Bo Ra.
Why do you two fight?
Are you okay?
Go to Bo Ra. Console her well.
♫ I haven't been able to tell you yet. ♫
♫ When I see you, I ♫
Seol.
♫ As if nothing is wrong, ♫
♫ As if I don't care, ♫
♫ That's how I was. ♫
♫ But actually I hope you come. ♫
♫ I'm someone who withstood time. ♫
♫ The passing look in your eyes, ♫
♫ Your cold smile, ♫
♫ Often makes me lose my breath. ♫
Why is a girl's bag so heavy?
What are you?
It's been a long time, Dog Fur.
When are you going to buy me a meal? You know you have two more times left.
Give it to me.
I'll carry it. While I'm escorting you.
Is there something wrong?
No.
Yeah right. It looks like something is wrong.
Your face looks old when something is wrong.
Excuse me.
Everyone says I lived the wrong way.
What do I do at times like this?
Why did you call me and not say anything?
It's fine. Don't worry about it.
See, see. She's totally going to dig herself into the ground.
I'm really not in the mood for this.
Cool off for now. I don't know what's wrong.
Cool off and just forget about it. It's harder for you if you hold onto it.
Here. When your depressed, sweets are the best.
I'm going.
Give me my bag before leaving.
Take it.
Baek In Ho. Baek In Ha.
Father, it's me.
I have something to tell you about In Ho and In Ha.
You do? What is it?
They aren't young anymore.
Instead of just supporting them without a plan,
I was thinking you should help them become able to stand on their own.
But In Ho doesn't want help.
You should start by standing In Ha up on her own.
What about bringing In Ha into the company?
I think either accounting or the IT department would be good.
Okay. That's a good thought.
If you consider only relevant certification, it seems she will earn her keep for the company, so it's not bad.
But will In Ha do it?
I'll figure that out on my own.
Okay. Since you're taking interest in them, it puts my mind at ease.
Because you've seen In Ho for the first time in a while,
get along well.
Yes, I understand.
Oh, Jeong! What's up for you to actually be calling me?
A Certificate? At a study academy?
You want me to take a class?
Jeong, why are you like this to me lately?
You know I can't stand that kind of thing!
You don't really think I'm going to do it, do you?
What do you mean, "of course?"
Hey. What are you doing?
- Listen well, Baek In Ha.- Do you know how much my nails cost to get done?
- This is the last chance I'm giving you.- These are really expensive...
What are you doing, seriously!?
Yeah. This is the right thing.
There's so much that went wrong.
So everyone in Group 5 gets a D.
I didn't have any room to turn and look to the side.
In order not to fail in front of him,
just looking forward, I thought I lived more earnestly than anyone else.
Your two Americanos are ready.
So you thought the others couldn't do as well as you, and gave up on them and did it all yourself, didn't you?
And that was more comfortable for you to do.
What in the world went wrong?
All of this wasn't anyone else's fault. It was my problem.
Hey, Joo Mok, women
don't know this because they've never been to the army.
If one person makes a mistake,
everyone is supposed to get punished.
Just because we got a D.
Seriously, she's like a D. Like a D.
Everything was happening at once.
Test?
Good luck.
Where to even begin to set things straight,
I didn't even know where.
The only thing I can do, is to do what needs to be done now.
Sunbae!
I'm sorry.
For arranging something without asking you first.
Even so, I'd like it if you didn't misunderstand me.
I didn't spend time with you because of Ah Yeong.
Once I got closer to you,
I thought you were a good person,
so I set you up with her.
I'm really sorry if I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry too.
To be honest, I was really acting like a child.
I was embarrassed and a little frustrated.
Frustrated over what?
Let's forget anything we felt upset about at each other.
Yes.
Um, Sunbae, if you have time tonight,
could I buy you dinner?
I mean, because last time, we didn't eat properly. So this time, properly,
something expensive.
How much?
How much are you thinking?
Then, Sunbae, you decide.
♫ Call me back to set me straight. ♫
♫ Give me your hand so I can understand. ♫
♫ What more do I have to say? ♫
♫ Just believe in what you see. ♫
- I'm good now, right? -Yes. Yeah, yeah!
You're really good. Opening that is tough.
I practiced a whole lot.
Here.
I just think it's a relief we made up.
It was pretty uncomfortable.
It was that way for me too.
I didn't think it was.
I acted like it wasn't.
Be careful of that bastard, Yoo Jeong.
He's not all what he seems.
Sunbae, by any chance, do you know Baek In Ho?
Tall, slightly rough in his manner of speech and well packaged.
How do you know him?
A while back, I lost my phone.
He found it for me.
It seemed like he really knew you.
If you run into him again, just ignore him.
From now on, don't be close with him.
Okay. For some reason, I felt like I shouldn't ask anything more.
But, this neighborhood is dark. It must be dangerous for women to be alone.
From now on, I'll take you home.
Oh, no, no. It's okay.
Thank you for walking me home. We're here.
Thank you for dropping me off.
Then, goodbye.
Seol.
Yes?
Want to go out with me?
♫ Love is really loving ♫
♫ If I said I miss you ♫
♫ I will try ♫
♫ To be where I belong ♫
♫ Because there's nothing in the world ♫
Sunbae, I don't know why you're saying this to me.
- You really don't know? - I'm sorry.
Why are you at school during vacation?
To see Seol for a minute. You didn't miss me? I missed you.
I'm going to come here often. Should we go on a date?
Makes no sense. It's unbelievable. It doesn't seem real.
But what does Yoo Jeong find so charming about Hong Noona to do that?
It's not fancy, it's granny.
But does she know what kind of bastard you are?
- A fox-like wench to Yoo Jeong.- Good job!
I warned you not to idle around her.
Dog Hair.
But what can be done? I don't have a dying thought of going back as you want me to.
I told you to avoid him. Do as I say.
Later if you get stabbed in the back and cry, I won't help you.
Why exactly did Sunbae ask me to date?
Sunbae, wait a minute!
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com